I
it's just you know a long-standing
tradition since the beginning in this
country that Piper's played for the
police and firefighters who died in line
duty started me to be here so there's
actually been 24 line of duty deaths on
our department since inception and we we
felt that it was a time for those guys
to be recognized that's how this all
came about it's just it's an honorable
thing to do it I think it's been a long
time coming in evansville to have a a
strictly fireman bagpipe playing group
and it bring a lot of honor and
morale-boosting to the firemen around
here i think it's traditionally paying
homage to the original american
firefighters who were there were very
many Irishmen and scott's that came over
and they formed the ranks of the fire
department so that's they brought with
them their traditions and customs and
one of those was playing bagpipes
appeals and so will play the funerals of
active and retired members of our
department
along with females of military personnel
and police officers as well they're all
over all beginners or most them are a
couple of them really progressed really
well quick in two months time you can
learn the basic scale the basic notes
and embellishments but it's going to
take you a you know a good seven years
to the rest of your life to master it so
it's just four minutes out of practice
so we're just in the infancy but we
think that it will stick and and lasts
forever I think it's gonna go I do well
I think there's enough interest in it
that it will when my days are done here
and I step back that there's going to be
plenty others step in and take it over